Eureka Protempa ETL 1.6-SNAPSHOT -- the backend data processing layer
of Eureka! Clinical Analytics.  
Center for Comprehensive Informatics, Emory University

OVERVIEW

Welcome to Eureka! Clinical Analytics! Eureka! is a web application
that provides you with an easy way to phenotype a patient population
based on their clinical and administrative data, and load those
phenotypes and data into your own instance of the i2b2 data warehouse
system. Eureka Protempa ETL is the application's backend data
processing layer. It performs clinical phenotyping using the Protempa
software framework. It currently loads data and found phenotypes into
an i2b2 project, though ultimately it will support other export
formats. Ultimately, this module will become a standalone clinical
phenotyping web service.

WHAT'S NEW

Version 1.6 extends the rudimentary data element editing support
provided in version 1.5 to provide a complete data element editor. You
can specify a relatively complete set of the temporal patterns that
can be specified in the underlying Protempa software. Version 1.6
SNAPSHOT releases will track the development of this feature.

REQUIREMENTS

The current version is known to work with Oracle Java 6. It is
expected to work with OpenJDK 6 as well. It is incompatible with Java
7.

Eureka! Clinical Analytics uses the Maven build system, available from
http://maven.apache.org. You must install maven, if you do not already
have it, to work with the source code. We use Maven 3.

INSTALLATION

Eureka Protempa ETL is a module of Eureka! Clinical Analytics and
currently only runs in the context of the entire application. Please
see http://aiw.sourceforge.net for installation instructions.

CONTACTING US

Please send an email to aiwhelp@emory.edu for support or questions.

LICENSING

Eureka Protempa ETL is freely available as open source under the
Apache License, Version 2.0. A copy of the license is in the LICENSE
file provided in this distribution.

Eureka Protempa ETL is Copyright (C) 2012 Emory University.

MORE INFORMATION

Please see http://aiw.sourceforge.net for more information and
http://aiw.sourceforge.net/dev/eureka-1.6-SNAPSHOT for technical
documentation.
